Using ocean libraries (#1053)
oceanprotocol/docs: building-with-ocean/using-ocean-libraries/creating_dataNFT.md

# Creating a dataNFT

> This tutorial will guide you for creating your own data NFT using Ocean libraries. To know more about data NFT please refer [this page](../../core-concepts/datanft-and-datatoken.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This tutorial guides you through the process of creating your own data NFT using Ocean libraries. To know more about data NFT please refer [this page](../../core-concepts/datanft-and-datatoken.md).
```

> #### Configuration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Prerequisites
```

> See [this](configuration.md) guide on defining a `.env` file and a configuration file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Obtain an API key](configuration.md#obtaining-api-key-for-ethereum-node-provider)
- [Set up the .env file](configuration.md#create-a-.env-file)
- [Install the dependencies](configuration.md#setup-dependencies)
- [Create a configuration file](configuration.md#create-a-configuration-file)
```
